Unittests for pyfred framework
------------------------------

Unittests for pyfred framework are composed of distinct files, where each
file tests one pyfred module and is independent of other files. Read
http://docs.python.org/lib/module-unittest.html for information how to use
unittest framework provided by python's standard library.

Currently are implemented unittests for following modules:
  * filemanager
  * genzone
  * techcheck

Module mailer does not have associated unittests due to their relative
complexity. Shell script create_environment.sh creates objects in database
over EPP protocol, which are assummed to exist by unittests. If you set
up a fresh database and you run the unittests firsttime, type:

  $ ./create_environment.sh create

This assumes that you have corretly setup fred_client, which is used
extensively not only in this shell script, but in unittests as well.
You can run the script with "destroy" argument, which will delete
created objects from database, but beware that you can run into an issue
with protection period and you might not be able to create objects again
without deleting all their history records from database.

Last not yet described file in unittests directory is zone-file-check.
It is an awk script, which checks basic syntax of a zone file. It
evolved from a debian script of same name, but was enhanced to support
ipv6 addresses and $TTL expression. This script is used by test_genzone.py.

Each unittest file contains quite good documention with hierarchical tree
of performed unittests and detailed description of tests. Each unittest
script has one option -v or --verbose and the number argument for this option
is handed directly to python unittest framework. Higher number will result
in more detailed messages.

Quite a lot of constants, which should have been normally configurable in
configuration file, are hardcoded directly in tests or global variables,
which are set at the beginning of a file. Possible enhancement in future
would be finding all those places and put there variables, which would be
initialized from configuration file.

